Updates and additions to the ckBTC pages (#1694)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/integrations/bitcoin/bitcoin-how-it-works.md

- A protocol-level integration of the IC with the Bitcoin network.
- A chain-key signatures based on a novel threshold ECDSA protocol.

> This page will provide a general overview of the Bitcoin integration technology. For a deeper technical explanation of ckBTC, please see the [wiki page](https://wiki.internetcomputer.org/wiki/Chain-key_Bitcoin).

Reviewer: How about "provides" instead of "will provide"?

## Protocol-level integration of the IC with the Bitcoin network

> Through the protocol-level integration of the IC with the Bitcoin network, the IC can obtain Bitcoin blocks directly from the Bitcoin network and process the contained transactions. This allows for maintaining the full Bitcoin UTXO set on-chain on the IC. Canisters can run queries against the full Bitcoin UTXO set. This allows canisters to know about the held UTXOs, and thus balance, of any Bitcoin address, including their own addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through the protocol-level integration of the IC with the Bitcoin network, the IC can obtain Bitcoin blocks directly from the Bitcoin network and process the contained transactions. This integration makes it possible to maintain the full Bitcoin UTXO set on-chain on the IC. Canisters can run queries against the full Bitcoin UTXO set. This allows canisters to know about the held UTXOs, and thus balance, of any Bitcoin address, including their own addresses.
```
